# LandsatSentinelSelector

This example provides a simple interface for the visual selection and download of
Landsat and Sentinel images.

The example consists of an html page and three workspaces.

The html page LandsatSentinelSelector.html uses the Leaflet.js library that shows
the map of the world. It allows panning and zooming to the required location
and specifying quality filters (% of data and cloud coverage).

A click on the map places an icon. The "Submit" button runs the first workspace,
LandsatSentinelFileSelectorWithLocation.fmw, which uses the coordinates
of the icon as parameters.

Based on the provided coordinates, the workspace makes a path to Landsat
and/or Sentinel Amazon buckets and streams back a new html page with a table,
which shows the previews of the images available for the given coordinates.
The table also shows the date when the images were taken as well as data and
cloud coverage information.

The previews with the location of the click shown with a red circle are made
with PreviewLocation.fmw workspace.

Clicking on the previews opens larger previews in a separate tab. Landat has
its own bigger previews, the bigger previews for Sentinel are generated with
SentinelPreview.fmw workspace.

Selecting the radio button on the left from the desired preview and clicking
"Open Amazon S3 folder with selected images" button on top of the page opens
a download page with all the imagery for that tile/date.

Note that the download pages are generated by the imagery providers.